Add docs for metrics (#1619)
google/knative-gcp: docs/examples/metrics/README.md

# Metrics Example

## Overview

This sample shows how to configure and view `metrics`. This includes setting up metrics, generating them by sending an

> event to the broker and attaching a trigger to it and viewing those metrics with common filters in stackdriver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
event to the broker with an attached trigger and viewing those metrics with common filters in Stackdriver.
```

## Prerequisites

1. [Install Knative-GCP](../../install/install-knative-gcp.md)

2. [Create a Service Account for the Data Plane](../../install/dataplane-service-account.md)

## Setup

1. Follow the instructions here to [Access Event Traces in Cloud Trace](../../how-to/cloud-trace.md).

> 2. In cloud console, navigate to Monitoring -> Metrics explorer. Enable the montoring metrics API andd add your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In cloud console, navigate to [Monitoring -> Metrics explorer](https://console.cloud.google.com/monitoring/metrics-explorer). Enable the monitoring metrics API and add your project
```

to a workspace (or create a new workspace).

## Generating metrics

> 1. Create a namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example will run everything in the cloud-run-events-example namespace.

1. Create the namespace
```

   ```shell
   kubectl apply -f namespace.yaml
   ```

> 2. Deploy a broker and event publisher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Deploy a Broker and event publisher
```

   ```shell
   kubectl apply -f broker.yaml
   kubectl apply -f event-publisher.yaml
   ```

> 3. Verify that the broker is ready

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Verify that the Broker is ready
```

    ```shell
    kubectl -n cloud-run-events-example get broker test-broker
    ```

   ```shell
   NAME          READY   REASON   URL                                                                                                         AGE
   test-broker   True             http://default-brokercell-ingress.cloud-run-events.svc.cluster.local/cloud-run-events-example/test-broker   9s
   ```

> 4. Deploy a trigger and event consumer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Deploy a Trigger and event consumer
```

   ```shell
   kubectl apply -f triggers.yaml
   kubectl apply -f event-consumers.yaml
   ```

> 5. Verify that the trigger is ready

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Verify that the Trigger is ready
```

    ```shell

>     kubectl -n cloud-run-events-example get triggers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    kubectl -n cloud-run-events-example get trigger hello-display
```

    ```

    ```shell
    NAME              READY   REASON   BROKER        SUBSCRIBER_URI                                                       AGE
    hello-display     True             test-broker   http://hello-display.cloud-run-events-example.svc.cluster.local/     4s
    ```

> 6. ##### Send events to broker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. ##### Send events to the Broker:
```

>     SSH into the event publisher pod by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    SSH into the event publisher Pod by running the following command:
```

    ```shell
    kubectl -n cloud-run-events-example attach curl -it
    ```

    A prompt similar to the one below will appear:

    ```sh
    Defaulting container name to curl.
    Use 'kubectl describe pod/ -n cloud-run-events-example' to see all of the containers in this pod.
    If you don't see a command prompt, try pressing enter.
    [ root@curl:/ ]$
    ```

   Send multiple events like this to generate metrics:

    ```sh
    curl -v "http://default-brokercell-ingress.cloud-run-events.svc.cluster.local/cloud-run-events-example/test-broker" \
      -X POST \
      -H "Ce-Id: say-hello" \
      -H "Ce-Specversion: 1.0" \
      -H "Ce-Type: greeting" \
      -H "Ce-Source: not-sendoff" \
      -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
      -d '{"msg":"Hello Cloud Run Events!"}'
    ```

## Viewing metrics

> In the metrics explorer in stackdriver, build the query to see metrics. There are multiple options to view the results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [metrics explorer](https://console.cloud.google.com/monitoring/metrics-explorer) in Stackdriver, build the query to see metrics. There are multiple options to view the results
```
